Add doc file for using external VISA configuration utility (#719)
pyvisa/pyvisa: docs/source/introduction/ext_cfg_util.rst

> The purpose of the VISA external configuration utility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VISA external configuration utility for the IVI backend
```

Author: OK, fixed.

> ==============================================================================

Reviewer: Please do not extend the underline beyond the title

Author: OK, fixed

Managing system VISA resources -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The three main VISA distributions all come with a utility to manage VISA

Reviewer: NI, R&S, Keysight I assume. Does Tek miss one ?

Author: NI, R&S, Keysight are "Sponsor" members of IVI foundation, but I see Tek and Keithley (a Tek company) are "General" members. `https://www.ivifoundation.org/membership/current_members.aspx`  I initially got the impression that Tek had abandoned providing/supporting TekVISA distributions.  After a more thorough search on the Tek website I did find: `https://www.tek.com/en/support/software/driver/tekvisa-connectivity-software-v420`

I personally think the fewer VISA distributions PyVISA mentions the easier it is to support users.  I would recommend omitting mention of TekVISA unless someone from Tek asks for it to be added.

Please let me know if you would like me to add TekVISA.

resource configurations.  This utility is refered to as the external
configuration utility.  The VISA external configuration utility is used to
manage instrument attribute used to configure buses, instruments, and aliases.

> This configuration in turn can be used by pyVISA to manage instrument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration in turn can be used by PyVISA to manage instrument
```

Author: OK, fixed.

configurations in a more user friendly manner than is otherwise afforded.

.. note::

    Not all VISA implementations handle settings configured in the external
    utility the same.  For instance, in NI-VISA, if a serial port is configured
    for baudrate = 115000, the default value will still be configured as 9600.
    To pass the VISA configured value to a new instrument instance, access mode
    must be set to constants.VI_LOAD_CONFIG (see below), otherwise, the default
    value of 9600 will be passed to the instrument instance.  R&S-VISA doesn't
    work this way.  (I was not able to load Keysight VISA to test it's

>     functionality at the time of this writing.)

Reviewer: Since I won't have the bandwidth to test, this will remain, so maybe rephrase in a less personal manner.

     
	open_resource(instr, access_mode=constants.VI_LOAD_CONFIG)

    The important thing to remember is that most values set in the VISA

>     external     configuration utility are passed to pyVISA at instantiation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    external configuration utility are passed to pyVISA at instantiation of
```

>     external     configuration utility are passed to pyVISA at instantiation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    external     configuration utility are passed to PyVISA at instantiation of
```

    an instrument by default.  NI-VISA serial ports are an exception that
    require:

    "open_resource(instr, access_mode=constants.VI_LOAD_CONFIG)".

Set VISA instrument alias -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> A VISA instrument alias is one of the attributes that can be managed by the

Reviewer: Blank line

external configuration utility. An alias is another way to refer to an

> instrument.  pyVISA can open an instrument using either the resource name or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instrument.  PyVISA can open an instrument using either the resource name or
```

Author: OK, fixed.

the alias. Resource names are of the form 'GPIB0::3::INSTR', 'ASRL3::INSTR',
'USB0::0x0699::0x0401::C021095::INSTR'.  What can be observed from these
examples is that resource names are very hardware dependent.  All three of

> these resource names could refer to a DMM.  If the pyVISA app is coded with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these resource names could refer to a DMM.  If the PyVISA app is coded with the
```

Author: OK, fixed.

resource name then any time the instrument needs to be changed out, say to
send an instrument for calibration, or the app needs to be propagated to
multiple systems the names will have to be changed in the app source code.
Alternately, the alias 'DMM' could be assigned to any of these instruments
using the external configuration utility.  If the source code uses the alias,
no source code changes would be required.  One would simply add a new
compatible instrument with the same alias using the external configuration
utility.

Aliases provide a more robust way to refer to instruments for applications that
must be propagated across multiple systems.  It also makes subsituting
alternate instruments easier when required for maintenance or calibration.

Find instruments and test communications -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Are instrument communications problems being caused by an instrument, the

Reviewer: Missing blank line
